Add attribution statement (#82)
chanzuckerberg/czi-oss-training: README.md

[cc-by]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
[cc-by-image]: https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/4.0/88x31.png

### Attribution

> This training was scoped and outlined by Justine Larsen, Justin Kiggins, Kate Hertweck from the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, and Tania Allard from Quansight Labs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Justine Larsen, Justin Kiggins, Kate Hertweck, Kyle Harrington, Ashley Anderson, Danielle McCarthy from the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, and Tania Allard from Quansight Labs scoped and outlined this training.
```

> This training was scoped and outlined by Justine Larsen, Justin Kiggins, Kate Hertweck from the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, and Tania Allard from Quansight Labs.

Reviewer: I believe these are all the folks; @k8hertweck, can you give this a last check just in case I missed anyone who deserves attribution?
